# packages in environment at /home/julia/miniconda3/envs/finance:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_libgcc_mutex             0.1                 conda_forge    conda-forge
_openmp_mutex             4.5                       2_gnu    conda-forge
_py-xgboost-mutex         2.0                       cpu_0    conda-forge
absl-py                   2.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
alsa-lib                  1.2.12               h4ab18f5_0    conda-forge
anyio                     4.4.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
argon2-cffi               23.1.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
argon2-cffi-bindings      21.2.0          py311h9ecbd09_5    conda-forge
arrow                     1.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
asttokens                 2.4.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
astunparse                1.6.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
async-lru                 2.0.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
attrs                     24.2.0             pyh71513ae_0    conda-forge
babel                     2.14.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
beautifulsoup4            4.12.3             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
bleach                    6.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
brotli                    1.1.0                hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
brotli-bin                1.1.0                hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
brotli-python             1.1.0           py311hfdbb021_2    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                hd590300_5    conda-forge
c-ares                    1.33.1               heb4867d_0    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2025.1.31            hbcca054_0    conda-forge
cached-property           1.5.2                hd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
cached_property           1.5.2              pyha770c72_1    conda-forge
cairo                     1.18.0               hebfffa5_3    conda-forge
certifi                   2025.1.31          pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cffi                      1.17.1          py311hf29c0ef_0    conda-forge
charset-normalizer        3.3.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
comm                      0.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
contourpy                 1.3.0           py311hd18a35c_1    conda-forge
cycler                    0.12.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
dbus                      1.13.18              hb2f20db_0  
debugpy                   1.8.5           py311hfdbb021_1    conda-forge
decorator                 5.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
defusedxml                0.7.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
double-conversion         3.3.0                h59595ed_0    conda-forge
entrypoints               0.4                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
et_xmlfile                1.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
exceptiongroup            1.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
executing                 2.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
expat                     2.6.3                h5888daf_0    conda-forge
flatbuffers               24.3.25              h59595ed_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-dejavu-sans-mono 2.37                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-inconsolata      3.000                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-source-code-pro  2.038                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-ubuntu           0.83                 h77eed37_2    conda-forge
fontconfig                2.14.2               h14ed4e7_0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-ecosystem     1                             0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-forge         1                             0    conda-forge
fonttools                 4.53.1          py311h9ecbd09_1    conda-forge
fqdn                      1.5.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
freetype                  2.12.1               h267a509_2    conda-forge
gast                      0.5.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
giflib                    5.2.2                hd590300_0    conda-forge
glib                      2.80.3               h315aac3_2    conda-forge
glib-tools                2.80.3               h8fdd7da_2    conda-forge
google-pasta              0.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
graphite2                 1.3.13            h59595ed_1003    conda-forge
greenlet                  3.1.1           py311hfdbb021_1    conda-forge
grpcio                    1.62.2          py311ha6695c7_0    conda-forge
gstreamer                 1.14.1               h5eee18b_1  
h11                       0.14.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
h2                        4.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
h5py                      3.11.0          nompi_py311h439e445_102    conda-forge
harfbuzz                  9.0.0                hda332d3_1    conda-forge
hdf5                      1.14.3          nompi_hdf9ad27_105    conda-forge
hpack                     4.0.0              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
httpcore                  1.0.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
httpx                     0.27.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
hyperframe                6.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
icu                       75.1                 he02047a_0    conda-forge
idna                      3.8                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
importlib-metadata        8.4.0              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
importlib_metadata        8.4.0                hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
importlib_resources       6.4.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ipykernel                 6.29.5             pyh3099207_0    conda-forge
ipython                   8.27.0             pyh707e725_0    conda-forge
ipywidgets                8.1.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
isoduration               20.11.0            pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jedi                      0.19.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jinja2                    3.1.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
joblib                    1.4.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
json5                     0.9.25             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jsonpointer               3.0.0           py311h38be061_1    conda-forge
jsonschema                4.23.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jsonschema-specifications 2023.12.1          pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jsonschema-with-format-nongpl 4.23.0               hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter                   1.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter-lsp               2.2.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_client            8.6.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_console           6.6.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_core              5.7.2           py311h38be061_0    conda-forge
jupyter_events            0.10.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_server            2.14.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_server_terminals  0.5.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyterlab                4.2.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyterlab_pygments       0.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
jupyterlab_server         2.27.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyterlab_widgets        3.0.13             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
kaleido                   0.2.1                    pypi_0    pypi
keras                     3.5.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
keyutils                  1.6.1                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.4.7           py311hd18a35c_0    conda-forge
krb5                      1.21.3               h659f571_0    conda-forge
lcms2                     2.16                 hb7c19ff_0    conda-forge
ld_impl_linux-64          2.40                 hf3520f5_7    conda-forge
lerc                      4.0.0                h27087fc_0    conda-forge
libabseil                 20240116.2      cxx17_he02047a_1    conda-forge
libaec                    1.1.3                h59595ed_0    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0           23_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libbrotlicommon           1.1.0                hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
libbrotlidec              1.1.0                hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
libbrotlienc              1.1.0                hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0           23_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libclang-cpp18.1          18.1.8          default_hf981a13_4    conda-forge
libclang13                18.1.8          default_h9def88c_4    conda-forge
libcups                   2.3.3                h4637d8d_4    conda-forge
libcurl                   8.9.1                hdb1bdb2_0    conda-forge
libdeflate                1.21                 h4bc722e_0    conda-forge
libdrm                    2.4.123              hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20191231         he28a2e2_2    conda-forge
libegl                    1.7.0                ha4b6fd6_0    conda-forge
libev                     4.33                 hd590300_2    conda-forge
libevent                  2.1.12               hf998b51_1    conda-forge
libexpat                  2.6.3                h5888daf_0    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.2                h7f98852_5    conda-forge
libgcc                    14.1.0               h77fa898_1    conda-forge
libgcc-ng                 14.1.0               h69a702a_1    conda-forge
libgfortran               14.1.0               h69a702a_1    conda-forge
libgfortran-ng            14.1.0               h69a702a_1    conda-forge
libgfortran5              14.1.0               hc5f4f2c_1    conda-forge
libgl                     1.7.0                ha4b6fd6_0    conda-forge
libglib                   2.80.3               h315aac3_2    conda-forge
libglvnd                  1.7.0                ha4b6fd6_0    conda-forge
libglx                    1.7.0                ha4b6fd6_0    conda-forge
libgomp                   14.1.0               h77fa898_1    conda-forge
libgrpc                   1.62.2               h15f2491_0    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.17                 hd590300_2    conda-forge
libjpeg-turbo             3.0.0                hd590300_1    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0           23_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libllvm18                 18.1.8               h8b73ec9_2    conda-forge
libnghttp2                1.58.0               h47da74e_1    conda-forge
libnsl                    2.0.1                hd590300_0    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.27          pthreads_hac2b453_1    conda-forge
libpciaccess              0.18                 hd590300_0    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.43               h2797004_0    conda-forge
libpq                     16.4                 h2d7952a_1    conda-forge
libprotobuf               4.25.3               h08a7969_0    conda-forge
libre2-11                 2023.09.01           h5a48ba9_2    conda-forge
libsodium                 1.0.18               h36c2ea0_1    conda-forge
libsqlite                 3.46.1               hadc24fc_0    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.11.0               h0841786_0    conda-forge
libstdcxx                 14.1.0               hc0a3c3a_1    conda-forge
libstdcxx-ng              14.1.0               h4852527_1    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.6.0                h46a8edc_4    conda-forge
libuuid                   2.38.1               h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.4.0                hd590300_0    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.16                 hb9d3cd8_1    conda-forge
libxcrypt                 4.4.36               hd590300_1    conda-forge
libxgboost                2.1.1            cpu_h7afb2cf_1    conda-forge
libxkbcommon              1.7.0                h2c5496b_1    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.12.7               he7c6b58_4    conda-forge
libxslt                   1.1.39               h76b75d6_0    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.3.1                h4ab18f5_1    conda-forge
lz4-c                     1.9.4                hcb278e6_0    conda-forge
markdown                  3.6                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
markdown-it-py            3.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
markupsafe                2.1.5           py311h9ecbd09_1    conda-forge
matplotlib                3.9.2           py311h38be061_0    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           3.9.2           py311h74b4f7c_0    conda-forge
matplotlib-inline         0.1.7              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
mdurl                     0.1.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
mistune                   3.0.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ml_dtypes                 0.4.0           py311h7db5c69_2    conda-forge
munkres                   1.1.4              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
mysql-common              9.0.1                h70512c7_0    conda-forge
mysql-libs                9.0.1                ha479ceb_0    conda-forge
namex                     0.0.8              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nbclient                  0.10.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nbconvert-core            7.16.4             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
nbformat                  5.10.4             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.5                  h59595ed_0    conda-forge
nest-asyncio              1.6.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
notebook                  7.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
notebook-shim             0.2.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nspr                      4.35                 h27087fc_0    conda-forge
numpy                     1.26.4          py311h64a7726_0    conda-forge
openjpeg                  2.5.2                he7f1fd0_0  
openpyxl                  3.1.5           py311h50c5138_1    conda-forge
openssl                   3.4.1                h7b32b05_0    conda-forge
opt_einsum                3.3.0              pyhc1e730c_2    conda-forge
optree                    0.12.1          py311hcddfd71_0    conda-forge
overrides                 7.7.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
packaging                 24.1               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pandas                    2.2.2           py311h14de704_1    conda-forge
pandocfilters             1.5.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
parso                     0.8.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
patsy                     0.5.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pcre2                     10.44                hba22ea6_2    conda-forge
pexpect                   4.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pickleshare               0.7.5                   py_1003    conda-forge
pillow                    10.4.0          py311h82a398c_0    conda-forge
pip                       24.2                     pypi_0    pypi
pixman                    0.43.2               h59595ed_0    conda-forge
pkgutil-resolve-name      1.3.10             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
platformdirs              4.3.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
plotly                    5.24.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ply                       3.11               pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
prometheus_client         0.20.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
prompt-toolkit            3.0.47             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
prompt_toolkit            3.0.47               hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
protobuf                  4.25.3          py311hbffca5d_1    conda-forge
psutil                    6.0.0           py311h9ecbd09_1    conda-forge
pthread-stubs             0.4               h36c2ea0_1001    conda-forge
ptyprocess                0.7.0              pyhd3deb0d_0    conda-forge
pure_eval                 0.2.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
py-xgboost                2.1.1           cpu_pyh995e691_1    conda-forge
pycparser                 2.22               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pygments                  2.18.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyparsing                 3.1.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyqt5-sip                 12.13.0         py311h5eee18b_0  
pyside6                   6.7.2           py311hba19f1e_2    conda-forge
pysocks                   1.7.1              pyha2e5f31_6    conda-forge
python                    3.11.9          hb806964_0_cpython    conda-forge
python-calamine           0.2.3           py311h9e33e62_1    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-fastjsonschema     2.20.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-flatbuffers        24.3.25            pyh59ac667_0    conda-forge
python-json-logger        2.0.7              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-tzdata             2024.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.11                    2_cp311    conda-forge
pytz                      2024.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyxlsb                    1.0.10             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyyaml                    6.0.2           py311h9ecbd09_1    conda-forge
pyzmq                     26.2.0          py311h7deb3e3_0    conda-forge
qhull                     2020.2               h434a139_5    conda-forge
qt6-main                  6.7.2                hb12f9c5_5    conda-forge
re2                       2023.09.01           h7f4b329_2    conda-forge
readline                  8.2                  h8228510_1    conda-forge
referencing               0.35.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
requests                  2.32.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
rfc3339-validator         0.1.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
rfc3986-validator         0.1.1              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
rich                      13.7.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
rpds-py                   0.20.0          py311h9e33e62_1    conda-forge
scikit-learn              1.5.1           py311hd632256_0    conda-forge
scipy                     1.14.1          py311he1f765f_0    conda-forge
seaborn                   0.13.2               hd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
seaborn-base              0.13.2             pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
send2trash                1.8.3              pyh0d859eb_0    conda-forge
setuptools                73.0.1                   pypi_0    pypi
sip                       6.7.12          py311hb755f60_0    conda-forge
six                       1.16.0             pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
snappy                    1.2.1                ha2e4443_0    conda-forge
sniffio                   1.3.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
soupsieve                 2.5                pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
sqlalchemy                2.0.40          py311h9ecbd09_0    conda-forge
stack_data                0.6.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
statsmodels               0.14.2          py311h18e1886_0    conda-forge
tenacity                  9.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tensorboard               2.17.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tensorboard-data-server   0.7.0           py311h63ff55d_1    conda-forge
tensorflow                2.17.0          cpu_py311h6ac8430_2    conda-forge
tensorflow-base           2.17.0          cpu_py311h0e3e7eb_2    conda-forge
tensorflow-estimator      2.17.0          cpu_py311h331965b_2    conda-forge
termcolor                 2.4.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
terminado                 0.18.1             pyh0d859eb_0    conda-forge
threadpoolctl             3.5.0              pyhc1e730c_0    conda-forge
tinycss2                  1.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.13          noxft_h4845f30_101    conda-forge
tomli                     2.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tornado                   6.4.1           py311h9ecbd09_1    conda-forge
traitlets                 5.14.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
types-python-dateutil     2.9.0.20240906     pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
typing-extensions         4.12.2               hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
typing_extensions         4.12.2             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
typing_utils              0.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tzdata                    2024a                h8827d51_1    conda-forge
uri-template              1.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
urllib3                   2.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wayland                   1.23.1               h3e06ad9_0    conda-forge
wcwidth                   0.2.13             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
webcolors                 24.8.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
webencodings              0.5.1              pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
websocket-client          1.8.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
werkzeug                  3.0.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wheel                     0.44.0                   pypi_0    pypi
widgetsnbextension        4.0.13             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wrapt                     1.16.0          py311h9ecbd09_1    conda-forge
xcb-util                  0.4.1                hb711507_2    conda-forge
xcb-util-cursor           0.1.4                h4ab18f5_2    conda-forge
xcb-util-image            0.4.0                hb711507_2    conda-forge
xcb-util-keysyms          0.4.1                hb711507_0    conda-forge
xcb-util-renderutil       0.3.10               hb711507_0    conda-forge
xcb-util-wm               0.4.2                hb711507_0    conda-forge
xgboost                   2.1.1           cpu_pyhb8f9a19_1    conda-forge
xkeyboard-config          2.42                 h4ab18f5_0    conda-forge
xlrd                      2.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_3    conda-forge
xorg-fixesproto           5.0               h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-inputproto           2.3.2             h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-kbproto              1.0.7             h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-libice               1.1.1                hd590300_0    conda-forge
xorg-libsm                1.2.4                h7391055_0    conda-forge
xorg-libx11               1.8.9                hb711507_1    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.11               hd590300_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.3                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxext              1.3.4                h0b41bf4_2    conda-forge
xorg-libxfixes            5.0.3             h7f98852_1004    conda-forge
xorg-libxi                1.7.10               h4bc722e_1    conda-forge
xorg-libxrender           0.9.11               hd590300_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxtst              1.2.5                h4bc722e_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxxf86vm           1.1.5                h4bc722e_1    conda-forge
xorg-recordproto          1.14.2            h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-renderproto          0.11.1            h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-xextproto            7.3.0             h0b41bf4_1003    conda-forge
xorg-xproto               7.0.31            h7f98852_1007    conda-forge
xz                        5.4.6                h5eee18b_1  
yaml                      0.2.5                h7f98852_2    conda-forge
zeromq                    4.3.5                h59595ed_1    conda-forge
zipp                      3.20.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
zlib                      1.3.1                h4ab18f5_1    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.6                ha6fb4c9_0    conda-forge
